NEWS about R package optimr and optimrx (formerly optimz in R-forge)

NOTE: Formerly optimr was intended for CRAN and had a limited set of solvers to avoid
      issues of maintenance if those solvers become deprecated or otherwise
      non-functional. optimrx has a more extensive set of solvers and lives
      (at 2016-7-11) on R-forge. The test scripts in the tests directory have
      a "0" at the end of the script name e.g. hobbs15b0.R for optimr because
      of the appropriate library() call. 

TODO
      o Seems to be a printout of maxit that should be conditional (171007)
      o Drop nmkb from methods for bounds if start is on bound
      o Troubles with NAMESPACE collisions NOT resolved. (nloptr ??)
      o Add nloptr methods -- there are a number and we need to choose how
	to do so. Seems unable to handle parameter scaling or dot arguments
      o Consider how the hyperbolic transformation (transfinite fn)
        could be used in all unconstrained methods
      o How can transfinite be made to work when start is on bounds?
	To work when end is on bounds?
      o Rcgmin seems to report reset of parameters to bounds when parameter
        is apparently on the bound. Could have rounding issues, and should
        avoid this warning if it is really not needed.
      o Do NOT add ipoptr until non-standard install is fixed up.
      o Note axsearch() is in the optextras package, but needs a good test.
        May want to include a maximization test too.
      o trig1507.R issue of bounds to avoid multiple minima, note ttrig8b lbfgsb3 etc.
      o grchk() -- can it be cleaned up -- it is in optextras
      o Put counters in efn, egr ??
      o Check all failures reported below are fixed!

VERSION 2017-09-24
      o comments include 2017-09-18 version
      o brought optimx solvers into optimr and added check that packages 
        are available
      o Fix for lbfgsb3 which was changed at same time to correct and
        simplify some control parameters

VERSION 2017-04-05
      o allowed hessian in opm() and optimr() (for nlm)

VERSION 2017-02-15
      o added subplex method

VERSION 2016-09-16
      o Harry Joe reported troubles with numerical gradient approximations. Found
        	some glitches and conflicts to fix. Also documentation is less than ideal.
        Scaling spar to par was INSIDE control$trace

VERSION 2016-08-16
      o checked and released on CRAN

VERSION 2016-07-10
      o hessian=TRUE is NOT properly executed
      o Test function hobbs15b illustrates different scalings across all methods
      o Appropriate lists of "ALL", "bounded" and "masked" methods are defined 
        in the ctrldefault() function.
      o jonesrun L-BFGS-B fails with numerical gradient approximation.
      o dfoptim hjkb was fixed by Ravi Varadhan

VERSION 2016-07-03
      o Move allmeth, bdmeth, maskmeth into ctrldefault so we have just in
	one place. Note that this will change with optimr/optimrx
      o Masks for hjn(), and incorporate hjn in optimr
      o time (xtimes) removed from optimr, but timing is included in opm()
      o polyalgorithm wrapper polyopt() included and documented with example
      o multistart wrapper multistart() included and documented with example
      o renamed coef.optimx to coef.opm

VERSION 2016-06-28
      o Checked that controls do not conflict, e.g., maximize and fnscale. Note that
        maximize is NOT in optim() call.
      o Checked and fixed scaling of bounds in optimr. However, hjkb seems to fail
      o Creates scbdtest.R,  a test function that is simple but bounded and scaled badly
      o Get routines from optextras rather than have duplicates in optimr
      o rename package to optimr for optimR(eplacement)
      o Problems with lbfgs package (unconstrained) resolved
      o test parameter scaling (but this could be improved)
      o Demos still refer to optimx -- must be changed -- 160628 moved 
        off to Roptimtest/current/

VERSION 2016-05-30
      o Crude setting of uobyqa and newuoa for control rhobeg.
        Especially when parameters all 0, or bounds undefined, program 
	will fail so we need to set this. May also be needed for rhoend.

VERSION 2016-01-07
      o realized control rhobeg needed to be set or bobyqa would fail.

VERSION 2015-12-20
      o first stable version

